Allow customizing the `ServiceManager` with plugins (#16794)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/extension_dev.rst

See the `TypeScript extension template <https://github.com/jupyterlab/extension-template>`__ (choosing ``theme`` as ``kind`` ) for a quick start to developing a theme plugin.

Service Manager Plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::

>    Added in: JupyterLab 4.4.0

Reviewer: Should we use https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-versionadded ?

Author: yes good point 👍

The Service Manager is a core component of a JupyterLab application and the interface to the Jupyter Server REST API.
Before JupyterLab 4.3.0, the Service Manager had to be created as a singleton object and passed when creating a JupyterLab application object.
This was not convenient if some extensions needed to change the behavior of some of the core services provided by the Service Manager,
as they would have to build a new JupyterLab application from scratch.

Starting from JupyterLab 4.3.0, the Service Manager is itself a plugin which can be provided by a third-party extension using the ``IServiceManager`` token.
Its underlying services (such as the kernel manager and the contents manager) are also now available as plugins,
They too can be provided by third-party extensions via the following tokens:

* ``IConnectionStatus``: The connection status service.
* ``IContentsManager``: The contents manager service, responsible for managing files and directories.
* ``IDefaultDrive``: The default drive service, responsible for providing the default drive in which the contents manager operates.

> * ``IServerSettings``: The server settings service, definiting a set of default server settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``IServerSettings``: The server settings service, defining a set of default server settings.
```

> * ``IEventManager``: The event manager service, for managing Jupyter Server events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``IEventManager``: The event manager service for emitting events that are broadcast by an event bus managed by Jupyter Server.
```
